README.md, before:

# Wordpress Default Text
+ Contributors: jkalawe
+ Donate link: http://www.bgca.org
+ Tags: template, default, editorial
+ Requires at least: 3.0.1
+ Tested up to: 3.8.1
+ Stable tag: 1.02
+ License: GPLv2 or later
+ License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Insert configureable text defaults for new post title and body.

## Description

Insert configureable text defaults for new post title and body.

Variables are available to customize your default text strings.


## Installation 

1. Upload `default-text.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

## Frequently Asked Questions

### I'd like to include my own custom variables

Simply create a plugin with a function named `default_text_gemini`.

Make sure that the function outputs an associative array in the following format:
`array('$variable'=>'value');`

## Screenshots

1. Demo of basic functionality.

## Changelog 

### 1.02
* Default argument values included with `default_text_title` and `default_text_body` functions. Bug found by yoramzara.

### 1.01
* Animated GIF screenshot provided

### 1.0
* Initial version

## Upgrade Notice 

### 1.02
* Fix issue where error thrown on certain php installations if default argument for a function is not defined.

### 1.01
* Animated GIF screenshot provided

### 1.0
* Initial version

Commit message:

Created function `default_text_string` to fix other conditions with bug found by yoramzara.

README.md, after:

# Wordpress Default Text
+ Contributors: jkalawe
+ Donate link: http://www.bgca.org
+ Tags: template, default, editorial
+ Requires at least: 3.0.1
+ Tested up to: 3.8.1
+ Stable tag: 1.03
+ License: GPLv2 or later
+ License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Insert configureable text defaults for new post title and body.

## Description

Insert configureable text defaults for new post title and body.

Variables are available to customize your default text strings.


## Installation 

1. Upload `default-text.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

## Frequently Asked Questions

### I'd like to include my own custom variables

Simply create a plugin with a function named `default_text_gemini`.

Make sure that the function outputs an associative array in the following format:
`array('$variable'=>'value');`

## Screenshots

1. Demo of basic functionality.

## Changelog 

### 1.03
* Created function `default_text_string` to fix other conditions with bug found by yoramzara.

### 1.02
* Default argument values included with `default_text_title` and `default_text_body` functions. Bug found by yoramzara.

### 1.01
* Animated GIF screenshot provided

### 1.0
* Initial version

## Upgrade Notice 

### 1.03
* Further fixes for issue where error thrown on certain php installations if default argument for a function is not defined.

### 1.02
* Fix issue where error thrown on certain php installations if default argument for a function is not defined.

### 1.01
* Animated GIF screenshot provided

### 1.0
* Initial version
